c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Foddies.dll.config
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Foddies.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Foddies.pdb
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Foddies\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.pdb
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Foddies.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Foddies.pdb
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.dll
C:\BiteMe\Foddies\obj\Debug\Foddies.pdb
